Book #: 12

Category: Frameworks

Title: Grails in Action 

Author: Peter Ledbrook 

Description:

Summary

Grails in Action, Second Edition is a comprehensive introduction to Grails 2 focused on making you super-productive fast. In this totally revised new edition, you'll master Grails 2.3 core skills as you apply TDD techniques to developing a full-scale Twitter clone. Along the way you'll learn the latest single-page web app UI techniques, work with NoSQL backends, integrate with enterprise messaging, and implement a complete RESTful API for your services.

Purchase of the print book includes a free eBook in PDF, Kindle, and ePub formats from Manning Publications.

About the Technology

It may be time for you to stop reconfiguring, rewriting, and recompiling your Java web apps. Grails, a Groovy-powered web framework, hides all that busy work so you can concentrate on what your applications do, not how they're built. In addition to its famously intuitive dev environment and seamless integration with Spring and Hibernate, the new Grails 2.3 adds improved REST support, better protection against attacks from the web, and better dependency resolution.

About the Book

Grails in Action, Second Edition is a comprehensive introduction to Grails 2. In this totally revised edition you'll master Grails as you apply TDD techniques to a full-scale example (a Twitter clone). Along the way you'll learn single-page web app techniques, work with NoSQL back ends, integrate with enterprise messaging, implement a RESTful API ... and more.

No Java or Groovy knowledge is required. Some web development and OOP experience is helpful.

What's Inside

Covers Grails 2.3 from the ground up
Agile delivery and testing using Spock
How to use and manage plugins
Tips and tricks from the trenches
About the Authors

There's no substitute for experience: Glen Smith and Peter Ledbrook have been fixtures in the Grails community, contributing code, blogging, and speaking at conferences worldwide, since Grails 0.2.

Table of Contents

PART 1 INTRODUCING GRAILS
Grails in a hurry
The Groovy essentials
PART 2 CORE GRAILS
Modeling the domain 63
Creating the initial UI
Retrieving the data you need
Controlling application flow
Services and data binding
Developing tasty forms, views, and layouts
PART 3 EVERYDAY GRAILS
Building reliable applications
Using plugins: just add water
Protecting your application
Exposing your app to other programs
Single-page web applications (and other UI stuff)
Understanding Spring and transactions
PART 4 ADVANCED GRAILS
Understanding events, messaging, and scheduling
NoSQL and Grails
Beyond compile, test, run
Grails in the cloud
BONUS ONLINE CHAPTERS
Advanced GORM kung fu
Developing plugins


ISBN: 1617290963


Price:  46.44


Publish Date: July 24, 2014